This tutorial shows how to collect APEX and ORDS readiness evidence, then run scenario 80 with browser-session evidence.
Start with the APEX and ORDS readiness report so database recovery is tied to the application path users actually depend on.
Use a small seeded APEX page with a stable success marker so the browser driver can prove the session is still alive.
Run the optional Playwright driver self-check before a live drill so missing Node.js, Chromium, or permissions fail early.
Validate target readiness before execution. Without a driver, scenario 80 still collects read-only ORDS and continuity evidence.
Execute scenario 80 to create the base continuity report before adding a browser session or while testing only ORDS reachability.
For a full user-experience drill, keep the browser driver polling while you restart ORDS, relocate a RAC service, or perform a recovery step.
Trigger the planned event from another terminal while the driver keeps checking the active APEX page.
Finish by reviewing Markdown, HTML, JSON, and screenshots, then feed the result into service, pool, AC/TAC, and ORDS design.
Preserve the scenario manifest, audit log, screenshots, and HTML report so the drill can support training and compliance review.